docs: organise as TRG folder structure (#428)
eclipse-tractusx/portal-assets: docs/api/README.md

### API Documentation

> Go to the [API Hub](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/api-hub/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the `docs/api` directory of the [portal-backend repository](https://github.com/eclipse-tractusx/portal-backend) or the [API Hub](https://eclipse-tractusx.github.io/api-hub/portal-backend) for the respective version you are interested in.
```
